Hey, my ex-husband and my father-in-law are dead
My ex-husband has a sick sister
I kindly stayed and took care of him
I didn't expect the villagers to say that I cut off my palm
pass it on
I know it for ten miles
Hey, I didn't expect Sister Mei's experience to be so miserable.
What is Xiao Zhang doing in Zhoujiazhuang?
I was sent by the Municipal People's Hospital for an internship.
Three months as a teacher
Oh, no wonder.
I went to the health station yesterday.
I heard from Dr. Zhou that a handsome guy will come to help
So here's the thing.
Not only the handsome guy
Still a handsome guy
Mei took it
It's noon, why don't you come home with me for dinner first?
I'll take you to the health post at 2pm
Anyway, Zhou Yusheng is an old acquaintance with me
Don't be afraid.
This is probably not very convenient, right? What's the inconvenience?
Let's go!
Still not suitable
What's the inconvenience?
Think about it, you saved my life
If it weren't for you
I could die on the street
What's up?